Documentation

Project description: this is a game where the player clicks on moving enemies to kill them before they reach the main character. 
                     As the player progresses through the levels, the enemies move faster and the number of enemies that need to be 
                     killed increases.

Variables:
    game_over - states whether the game is over or not - global variable

    level_pass_score - this is the score needed to pass the level, it increases as levels are passed - global variable

    move_speed - this is the speed that the cyclists move, it increases as levels are passed - global variable

    dead_count - the number of dead cyclists - global variable

    extras_needed - the number of extra cyclists that need to be spawned after the original 5, it increases 
                    as the players pass levels - global variable

    extra_made - the number of extras made during the level - global variable 

    is_dead - states whether the cyclist is dead or not - local to each cyclist sprite

    score - states the number of kill the player got

    level - states the current level of the player

Broadcasts:
    init_game - is broadcasted at the start of the game to initialize variables 
                and the state of the characters
    move - broadcasted to make the players move 
    shot_fired - broadcasted when the screen is clicked
    level_passed - broadcasted whenever a level is passed 

functions:

init_game 

    This function initializes all the variables and sets the state of the characters.
    For the shooter sprite, global variables are initialized, the backdrop is set, the 
    necessary variables score and level are displayed, and the shooter costume is set.
    For all sprites, local variables are initialized and the starting position if the sprite 
    is set.

level_passed

    This function updates global variables in the shooter sprite such as increasing the level 
    variable by 1, increasing move_speed by 0.3, and increasing the number of extras needed by 1.
    Level score pass is also increased by 1 and dead_count is set to 0
    For cyclists, this function resets the position and sets the sprite to an alive state.

sprite clicked

    Every cyclist has this function. The procedures only execute if the cyclist is alive and the 
    game is not over. If these conditions are true, the cyclist will be set to a dead state and the 
    score of the player will be increased. dead_count will also be increased by 1.

move 

    This function handles cyclist movement. If the cyclist is alive, it will be moved. Once moved,
    the function checks if the cyclist is close enough to the shooter to end the game. 

    If the cyclist is dead, there are extra cyclists needed, and there are not enough extras made, 
    the cyclist will be reset to an alive state and to its original position. The extras variable 
    is increased by 1.

Notes:

There are only 5 cyclist models. When a level requires more than 5 cyclists, some of the killed cyclists 
are respawned.

While is_dead is named the same for every cyclist, each variable is local to a specific cyclist


